https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia-vim.git               /home/axl/.vim/bundle/lang-julia
https://github.com/MarcWeber/vim-addon-mw-utils.git      /home/axl/.vim/bundle/vamwu
https://github.com/Raimondi/delimitMate.git              /home/axl/.vim/bundle/closeout
https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter.git            /home/axl/.vim/bundle/git-gutter
https://github.com/dag/vim-fish.git                      /home/axl/.vim/bundle/lang-fish
https://github.com/derekwyatt/vim-scala.git              /home/axl/.vim/bundle/lang-scala
https://github.com/elixir-lang/vim-elixir.git            /home/axl/.vim/bundle/lang-elixir
https://github.com/fatih/vim-go.git                      /home/axl/.vim/bundle/lang-go
https://github.com/garbas/vim-snipmate.git               /home/axl/.vim/bundle/snipmate
https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular.git                 /home/axl/.vim/bundle/tabular
https://github.com/honza/vim-snippets.git                /home/axl/.vim/bundle/snippets
https://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/vim-numbertoggle.git /home/axl/.vim/bundle/numbertoggle
https://github.com/jimenezrick/vimerl.git                /home/axl/.vim/bundle/lang-erlang
https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git                    /home/axl/.vim/bundle/ctrlp
https://github.com/klen/python-mode.git                  /home/axl/.vim/bundle/lang-python
https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar                     /home/axl/.vim/bundle/tagbar
https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdcommenter.git          /home/axl/.vim/bundle/nerdcommenter
https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git               /home/axl/.vim/bundle/nerdtree
https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic.git              /home/axl/.vim/bundle/syntastic
https://github.com/sjl/gundo.vim.git                     /home/axl/.vim/bundle/gundo
https://github.com/tomtom/tlib_vim.git                   /home/axl/.vim/bundle/tlib
https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git                /home/axl/.vim/bundle/git-git
https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen                    /home/axl/.vim/bundle/pathogen
https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround.git                /home/axl/.vim/bundle/surround
https://github.com/vifm/vifm.vim.git                     /home/axl/.vim/bundle/vifm
